adjnoun.graph 5 graph Bitset
as-22july06.graph 17 graph Bitset
astro-ph.graph 57 graph Bitset
caidaRouterLevel.graph 17 graph Set
celegans_metabolic.graph 9 graph Bitset
celegansneural.graph 8 graph Bitset
chesapeake.graph 5 graph Bitset
cnr-2000.graph 84 graph Bitset
coAuthorsCiteseer.graph 87 graph Bitset
coAuthorsDBLP.graph 115 graph Bitset
cond-mat.graph 18 graph Bitset
cond-mat-2003.graph 25 graph Bitset
cond-mat-2005.graph 30 graph Bitset
dolphins.graph 5 graph Bitset
email.graph 12 graph Bitset
football.graph 9 graph Bitset
hep-th.graph 24 graph Bitset
jazz.graph 30 graph Bitset
karate.graph 5 graph Bitset
lesmis.graph 10 graph Bitset
memplus.graph 97 graph Bitset
netscience.graph 20 graph Bitset
PGPgiantcompo.graph 25 graph Bitset
polblogs.graph 20 graph Bitset
polbooks.graph 6 graph Bitset
power.graph 6 graph Bitset
rgg_n_2_17_s0.graph 15 graph Set
rgg_n_2_19_s0.graph 18 graph Bitset
rgg_n_2_20_s0.graph 17 graph Set
cit-HepPh.txt 19 SNAP Set
cit-HepTh.txt 23 SNAP Set
email-EuAll.txt 16 SNAP Bitset
p2p-Gnutella04.txt 4 SNAP Set
p2p-Gnutella24.txt 4 SNAP Set
p2p-Gnutella25.txt 4 SNAP Set
Slashdot0811.txt 26 SNAP Set
Slashdot0902.txt 27 SNAP Set
soc-Epinions1.txt 23 SNAP Set
web-BerkStan.txt 201 SNAP Bitset
web-Google.txt 44 SNAP Bitset
web-NotreDame.txt 155 SNAP Bitset
web-Stanford.txt 61 SNAP Bitset
wiki-Vote.txt 17 SNAP Bitset
